== Pin Button

A gem to add the Pinterest 'Pin it' button to a rails project view. It borrows heavily 
from the tweet-button gem by intridea for it's structure.

This makes it much easier to tag images using controller variables in your views.

== Installation

**On Rails 3.x,** add the gem to your Gemfile (if you're using Bundler).

	gem "pin-it-button"

== Usage

First you'll want to include PinItButton in your application helper

	include PinItButton
	
You then have access to the pin it button helper in your views. The button needs a few arguments to get going.

* +:description+ - the description you would like to display to the user by default
* +:media+ - the url of the image you would like the user to pin
* +:count-layout+ - the layout of the counter. (vertical, horizontal, none).

An example would be:

	<%= pin-it-button :description => "this is my amazing image", :media => "my_image.png", :'count-layout' => "none" %>

== Universal defaults

After you've included the module in your helper view, you can set any defaults by using:

	PinItButton.default_pin_button_options = {:url => "example.com"}

Any other defaults will stay the same.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== To do

* Add some tests :/

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Will R. See LICENSE for details.